DOCS-1423: Update rplidar.md fix API misquote (#2218)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/examples/rplidar.md

# SMEs: Kat, Jeremy
---

> Viam provides an `rplidar` {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular-resource" text="modular resource" >}} which adds support for SLAMTECH's RPlidar family of movement sensors, extending the Viam [camera API](/components/camera/#api).

Author: ```suggestion
Viam provides an `rplidar` {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="modular-resource" text="modular resource" >}} which adds support for SLAMTECH's RPlidar family of lidar scanners, extending the Viam [camera API](/components/camera/#api).
```
